melt warns for measure.vars=list of length=1 (#6333)
Rdatatable/data.table: NEWS.md

## NOTES

> 7. `melt` is documented that the returned `variable` column should contain integer column indices when `measure.vars` is a list, but when the list length=1, `variable` is actually a character column name, which is inconsistent with the documentation, [#5209](https://github.com/Rdatatable/data.table/issues/5209). To increase consistency in the next release, we plan to change `variable` to integer, so users who were relying on this behavior should change `measure.vars=list("col_name")` (output `variable` is column name, will be column index/integer) to `measure.vars="col_name"` (`variable` is column name before and after the planned change), and there is a new warning.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. `?melt` has long documented that the returned `variable` column should contain integer column indices when `measure.vars` is a list, but when the list length is 1, `variable` is actually a character column name, which is inconsistent with the documentation, [#5209](https://github.com/Rdatatable/data.table/issues/5209). To increase consistency in the next release, we plan to change `variable` to integer, so users who were relying on this behavior should change `measure.vars=list("col_name")` (output `variable` is column name, will be column index/integer) to `measure.vars="col_name"` (`variable` is column name before and after the planned change). For now, relying on this undocumented behavior throws a new warning.
```

> 7. `?melt` has long documented that the returned `variable` column should contain integer column indices when `measure.vars` is a list, but when the list length is 1, `variable` is actually a character column name, which is inconsistent with the documentation, [#5209](https://github.com/Rdatatable/data.table/issues/5209). To increase consistency in the next release, we plan to change `variable` to integer, so users who were relying on this behavior should change `measure.vars=list("col_name")` (output `variable` is column name, will be column index/integer) to `measure.vars="col_name"` (`variable` is column name before and after the planned change). For now, relying on this undocumented behavior throws a new warning.

Reviewer: whoops this retained the wrong number
